Encouragement.
It comes in many forms, and it can affect our lives in ways we never imagined.
The couple being interviewed were truly happy.
They were enjoying so many blessings in Jehovah's service.
Their secret?
They simplified their life.
With that assembly, we really thought about how we could do more to serve Jehovah.
Working to maintain a pattern of life is exhausting.
Even our vacations were tiring.
We were both working to maintain our lifestyle, but our lifestyle was controlling us.
We were spending money without even a thought.
It seemed we were never satisfied with what we had.
In one of Jesus' illustrations, a rich man built bigger storehouses so he could store
all his things.
But then God said to the rich man,
Unreasonable one, this night they are demanding your life from you.
Who then is to have the things you stored up?
His things could not save his life.
We reflected on Ecclesiastes 222, which reads,
What does a man really gain from all his hard work and ambition that drives him to work
hard under the sun?
We meditated on what matters most.
And we were determined to simplify our life.
We had stored up many things.
And it wasn't easy letting go.
But the more we let go, the more we felt free.
We analyzed our expenses, and we made adjustments.
We prayed to Jehovah before making any decisions.
With time and effort, we came to have more joy and freedoms we didn't think possible.
Simplifying your life can take time, and it is not easy.
But the reward Jehovah gives can far outweigh any sacrifice we make.
With nothing to hold us back, we were now in a position to accept any assignment Jehovah
gave us.
Now we could share our joy with others.
We are truly happy.
Our secret?
We live a simple life.